= Katello API bindings for Ruby

== Summary

  require 'katello_api'
  envs = KatelloApi::Resources::Environment.new(:base_url => 'https://localhost/katello',
                                                :username => 'admin',
                                                :password => 'admin')

  data, raw_response = envs.index(:organization_id => "ACME_Corporation")
  pp data # parsed data of the response
  pp raw_response # raw string of the response body

== Description

This gem contains Katello API bindings for the Ruby language. The
bindings are generated from API documentation using
{Apidoc}[https://github.com/Pajk/apipie-rails] tool.

The bindings brings support for new versioned API which is not
complete yet. The number of supported controllers is limited but more
are coming soon.

=== Regenerating bindings

The code for generating the bindings is a part of this repo. The
generator needs a running Katello instance to load the apidoc.json.

Usage:

    $ bin/generate.rb --help
    Generate Ruby API bindings for Katello's API from Apipie docs.

    USAGE: bin/generate.rb [FLAGS]
        -u, --url APIDOC_URL             By default https://localhost:3000/katello/apidoc
            --api-version VERSION        version of the API to hit (default: v2)

Only files under +lib/katello_api/resources+ are touched by the generator.

=== Authentication

Katello API supports authentication with username/password or OAuth.
For use of OAuth with the bindings you only have to change the params

  envs = KatelloApi::Resources::Environment.new(:base_url => 'https://localhost:3000/katello',
                                                :oauth    => { :consumer_key    => 'mykey',
                                                               :consumer_secret => 'shhhh' })

== License

The bindings are released under MIT license
